hey guys it's me again and today i want
to talk a little about how
i got good at my coding interviews when
i was preparing for them
and how you can prepare for yours as
well and
i know a lot of people on this channel
probably think that i'm a genius
from the solution videos but i'm going
to show you i'm not a genius
and you really don't have to be a genius
either now of course we all know that
coding interviews today center a lot on
algorithms so i'm going to be talking
somewhat about that but there's also
some clever stuff you can do
to prepare what i like to call cheat
codes
and i'll touch upon that as well first
let me give you a quick
history lesson about a list of 75 leak
code questions
so there was a facebook tech lead a
couple years ago
who compiled this 75 list of questions
from apparently a couple hundred or
something that they were looking at
and they found that these 75 questions
were the most helpful
they were the most comprehensive they
covered
the most amount of patterns that you
needed to know
for a coding interview and this list
has become very infamous in the software
engineering community and on online
forums
like if you go on reddit and you know
you'll see this list mentioned a lot
like you'll see it mentioned in reddit
you'll see it mentioned
on blind a lot you'll see it mentioned
when people ask about
which problems should i study and even
this list of 170 questions that i posted
in a previous video is actually
based upon this blind post
a lot of things have been created from
this one post
if you go on leap code there's a
dedicated list to these 75
questions and over 12 000 people have
viewed it so you know that there's
something good about these problems
so that sounds easy enough right 75
questions
that's it these are really good problems
they have everything you need
just solve all of them right so of
course
it's not that easy right some of these
problems are
extremely difficult word search 2
is just one example try solving this
problem on your first
try in 30 minutes without having seen
the solution before
very few people can i like to call this
a crackhead problem because if you can
solve this problem in 30 minutes
in an interview while explaining your
solution
creating a bug-free solution without
having seen this problem before
you must be doing some crack or
something else
to be doing that there's just no way
that you could do that
so that's the problem right there's only
75 questions but some of them are
extremely difficult
so then the next thing people do they go
to the discuss section
this person is really smart they made a
really good post about it
they tell you all these little details
about it right now you can
take a look at this and try to learn
from it right but some people are just
going to go straight to the code
try to memorize every semicolon every
little detail about the problem
there's just no way you can do that at
least i wasn't able to so i took a
slightly different approach
i did solve these 75 questions
i did not try to memorize every line of
code in every detail
this is the workaround that i found
instead of memorizing
code how about i memorize the patterns
right so to sum
you use a hash map you keep track of an
index something like that right
no code this is english right and i
didn't even write
that much i just wrote one or two
sentences
for word search two you can take a look
at some of the notes that i wrote i
don't think it'll be helpful for you
it's probably not even helpful for me
because i don't even remember what i
wrote so and i'm sure you guys probably
have similar experiences when you go
back to review some of your notes
but that's like the idea right don't
memorize
30 lines of code you know where if you
forget a single semicolon you're screwed
try memorizing one or two sentences one
or two patterns
you know for word search two
you can see that i i said oh there's
there's a little trick to this problem
there's a really clever trick that you
can just memorize
and you can see that i did similar
things as well
as i mentioned in previous videos right
grouping
similar problems together array
questions together
dynamic programming questions together
you'll notice
that dynamic probing programming
questions
use a lot of the same patterns a lot of
the same algorithms
you know go to tree questions they're
actually not as different as you think
look at this recursive depth first
search recursive first search recursive
depth first search
right that's what i mean by hey some of
these problems are actually
really similar to each other now the
last thing i'm going to show you
if all else fails go to leak code
discuss section and go to the interview
section the interview questions section
and
supposedly people share which interviews
like what interview questions they got
at which company somebody posted
what they got in a walmart online
assessment
uh don't tell anybody i sent you here
and i can't really confirm
how accurate these are because it is
user generated like
and of course some of it might be
outdated like you can see this is 2019
2019 but you know
it's at least a resource that i think a
lot of people don't know about
at the very least you might know that
hey
maybe this company focuses on
certain data structures like if you go
here
microsoft online assessment like this is
the long list of
questions so it might not even be
helpful for you because if there's like
you know like if there's a thousand
questions that they ask knowing
that list might not be helpful but it's
at the very least a resource that i
think
you might not have known about so those
are the main things that i want to talk
about unless i'm forgetting something
but if this was helpful please like and
subscribe
thanks for watching leave any feedback
that you'd want i might make more like
leak code solution
videos i might focus on other things i'm
not really sure right now
who knows um and
yeah thanks for watching